>>Have pets-- can
they make the shift?
Do they go with you?
>>The animals have no
problem at this point.
That's all been solved.
The natural animals
never did have a problem.
And the animals that have
been close to us and they're
synthetically breathing--
those problems
were solved a long time ago.
They don't have any problem.
It's only humans.
It's totally left
just to humans.
That's all it is.
Yes.
>>When you said that there
would be incredible chaos--
>>I said that's what
usually happens.
There may be no chaos at all.
You may get no warning at all.
In other words, the better we
get, the less warning we get.
>>That's what [INAUDIBLE] people
that would die at that time.
>>Yeah, could be.
Well no, but that
couldn't coincide
with the American
Indian prophecy though.
Because there was a year
or so between each one
of these waves.
And the chaos aspect happens
at the very, very end,
few months before.
>>With what the
prediction uses, it
sounds as though
there are going to be
different galactic
systems [INAUDIBLE].
>>Well, what the American
Indians are saying
is that, if we're talking about
that, that these waves leave
prior to the chaos and prior
to the shift in the axis.
Because it would have to
be, considered how much time
is between each
one of these waves.
>>So they say that
they're dying and wending
round and ascending, right?
>>Right.
They are dying, merging
as one over us all
and then flying
away, taking off,
which is kind of like
what the Hebrides did
when they came here.
And they came here as a
oversoul from another place,
somewhere where they did
not make it very well.
And in a way, that's what's
happening with these beings.
They're not really making it.
So they're going to
go to somewhere that
is more appropriate for them.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yeah.
>>Something that did
not convince us--
>>Can we use a microphone?
>>Yeah, yeah.
Let's use the mic.
Bye, John.
>>Bye, John.
>>Bye bye.
Thank you.
We love you.
A lot of people have to fly out.
Does anybody have to fly
out of here real quick?
If they do, we can close right
now until the pole shifts.
>>We'll stay until the morning.
>>OK, something that
did not make sense to me
was why couldn't we see the
phenomenal colors and shapes
before we go through
the great void?
>>It's like there's
an interface.
It's just beginning
to interface.
It's like an
interference pattern.
If you have something
that's beginning
to move through each
other-- it's all here.
So this image of an
interference pattern,
or of a membrane or two
things coming together
is not accurate.
It's right through the room.
It's everything.
And so part of it is
starting to come in.
Part of it has already come
through or already starting
to come in.
Part of this is
starting to go out.
It's starting to separate.
It's starting to merge.
I don't know how to express it.
I'm told that this will happen.
And I know what fourth
dimensional stuff looks like.
I haven't been through
this experience, at least
not in a very long time.
And so I can't
say more than what
I'm being told, to expect these
two things occurring prior
to-- but again, the one
with the synthetic objects--
they'll say almost certainly.
Because that's a matter of
third dimension breaking down.
The fourth dimensional objects
that they emphasize-- it
depends on where you are
geographically whether or not
you'll experience that or not.
And so exactly what that
means, I can't tell you.
>>Thank you.
>>So bearing all this
in mind, what we've just
been talking about,
what is the purpose
of the individual
Merkaba that we're
learning if the
whole planet's going
to go from third to fourth
dimension with this pole shift
anyway.
>>I'm not saying that
everybody's going to do it,
so why bother.
>>Right, yeah, basically.
>>Well if you don't do
it, it might not happen.
The reason it is happening is
because you're taking the time
to open your heart.
And lots of other
people are too.
If people didn't, then
this wouldn't be occurring.
It's not going to
occur on its own.
It's happening because
of our energies.
It isn't going to
automatically occur.
>>But then if the most important
part of the whole thing
is the opening of the
heart, then what's needed
is the technique of the
opening of the heart
and not the technique
of spinning the Merkaba.
>>You need both.
>>I take your word on that.
>>I mean, if you don't feel
that, then you don't need it.
And then do only what
you feel is right.
>>No, on the contrary.
I would like to
just spin my Merkaba
and go into fourth
dimension tonight.
That would suit me fine.
But from what you're saying,
that's not an option.
>>No, I'm not saying that.
In fact, it's happened before.
You may go home and
your higher self
says let's get out of here.
Let's go now.
>>So that was another question.
How many people of the people
that you have taught have
learnt the 18th breath and are
either going back and forth
or decided to go and leave.
>>It's only a few.
It's only a few and
that I've talked
with that have been able to do
this, yeah go and come back.
I know a few.
>>More than once.
>>Yeah, I know one
who does it a lot.
>>Is there any advantage to be
able to endure anything useful?
>>I don't know.
That's something between
you and your own higher self
if you've got a
reason for doing it.
There's got to be a reason.
You're not doing it for just
fun or kicks or something
like that.
There's got to be
reason for doing that.
So if you're going to
go over and come back,
usually the people that are
doing that kind of thing
are people that were already
having a problem with it
to begin with.
There was a doctor near Seattle.
And he would find herself
disappearing out of the room
all the time right in
front of other people.
It would happen a lot.
And he had no control
over it at all.
There's more people
than you would
imagine that have this problem.
And so when he
learned the Merkaba,
it was like this
great relief to him.
Because he could control it,
when it would happen and when
it would not happen.
And then now he's able to use it
to go back and forth between it
and be able to say OK, now I'm
going to sit down and do this.
And I'm going to go over there.
And OK, now I'm
going to come back.
And he's able to control it.
>>Does he have a great
pull to be here anymore?
Was that what was
going on with him
disappearing, that it's
time for him to be there
more on the fourth dimension?
>>I don't know.
I mean, I've spent a lot of time
in the fourth dimension too.
And I could say that I would
much rather be there than here.
If you're going to
give me two places
and just going to
flip a coin and say
which one do you want
to go to, or something,
I would rather be over
there, if I got my druthers,
because it's kind of more fun.
And fun's real important to me.
But I'm happy to be here.
And it has taken a lot of work
to get here to this level.
And I'm not interested
in leaving real fast.
I want to go through
it, that way.
But nevertheless, I'll
gladly, at a drop of the hat
when this takes place,
I'm ready to go.
>>Can I just finish please?
One of the other things
that I have a question about
is apparently I was
one of those 300
with Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
And that whole
thing when you drew
the diagram of the spiral
going through the sarcophagus
in the great pyramid
and I laid down there.
I've done the whole
Egyptian trip-- what's
happening to me
now when I'm doing
the first breaths
of the Merkaba is
there's a very strong attraction
to pulling out on a spiral.
And sort of somehow,
there are numbers going on
too in my head.
Now, I didn't complete
it at that time.
I died before I
completed the thing.
So I just want to know if
there's any danger in my
going out on that spiral.
I've kind of been holding
back because I feel like I
don't know what I'm doing.
>>Yeah, and you've got
to ask your higher self.
If you've almost got
all the training done,
that would be a
different path than what
we're talking about here.
And that path is deciding
not to go out and stay there,
but to go out and come back.
So if higher self can give
you exactly what you're
supposed to do on that
and tells you to do it,
you can go for it.
You will definitely
be changed after that.
You won't ever be
the same again.
So maybe that's part of what
your purpose and training.
Almost all of you were Egyptian.
I can feel it.
There's so much Egyptian
blood here, it's ridiculous.
>>The other thing was
the Merkaba experience
I had just before I
learned about you.
And I tried to explain
it to you other day.
And I don't think you
understood what I was saying.
The spin that happened
around my body was this way.
>>Yeah, I understand,
from head to foot.
>>I don't understand
how that happened
if there's this tube going
through the star tetrahedron.
>>The field is such that
the spin naturally happens
in that orientation over there.
However, once the
spin is taking place,
you can rotate it into
any angle whatsoever.
I know because I've done it.
>>Does it have to
be on that axis?
>>No, it does not.
And I've done it.
So I've tried all the angle and
spun it around, make sure, yep,
thing really does do that.
So I know you can do it.
>>Thank you very much.
>>Drunvalo, what
kind of life do you
have in the fourth dimension?
There is no more IRS,
no more business--
>>No money.
>>No more money.
So what kind of fun do you have?
>>No more [INAUDIBLE].
>>The fourth dimension is
primarily a learning zone.
It's a place of learning
more than anything else,
for the kind of evolutionary
path that we're going up onto.
For example, I
spent about 15 years
on the Pleiades coming in here.
And I have full
memory of doing that.
There was a very
specific planet there
that's fourth dimensional
that has a green atmosphere.
And the kinds of things
that we would do-- it's
actually a university
where I went
to study about living
in a place like this.
I had to learn how
to come down here.
I couldn't just come here.
It was not easy.
I had to learn a lot of
stuff to get down here.
And what we did is
we played games.
They-- and I had all the time--
we had all kinds of games.
That the games would be such
that in the plane of the game,
you would learn something.
So it wasn't like
doing the Olympics
to see who is the best.
It was a game that you would
play that in playing the game,
you would learn about
the reality in life
and what it was all about.
And that's all they
did was play games.
And there was no pain.
There was no sickness.
There was none of
that kind of stuff.
There's no problems.
There was no want,
or need, or anything
of those kinds of things,
anything like that at all.
It was purely a seeking of
understanding and wisdom
and trying to understanding
what it was all about.
And everybody loved everybody.
And they were all
real beautiful.
They were.
They were all tall and handsome
and had it real together
on all kinds of
levels like that.
I remember-- just to give
you an example of one
of the games-- I remember when
I was a little baby there,
maybe two years old or
something like that,
you played with blocks.
You know, kids play with blocks.
I had to play with blocks.
But they were about as big
around as those things there.
And they were
solid like granite.
And there was a
whole pile of them.
And I had to lift them up
into space with my mind
and sort them into an image
and set them down with my mind.
And I was just a
little tiny baby.
It was a game.
I remember when we
were an adult, one
of the games-- we went in
this room that was really
a big room compared
to the rooms.
Some of the rooms are enormous.
But the room was maybe
a half a mile long.
And we were out on this big
round platform that looked out.
And you'd drop down over
this big sweeping thing.
It was all molded.
It was enormous.
It was probably
five times as wide.
And it went for
about half a mile.
And then about a
quarter mile down,
there was a corner that came
over off the other side.
And there was these golden
discs that were big, thick,
and they were heavy.
And they would take them
kind of like a Frisbee.
And off this thing, people
sat around and watched this
and had so much fun at this.
And they would throw these
things down on this low thing.
And then they would guide
them with their thoughts.
And then they would have
to guide them around
into this other alley
that they couldn't see.
And then they had to psychically
see around the corner
to hit something down there.
I can't even remember
what that was.
But they had to do
something like that.
And they love that.
I say they because I didn't
actually play that game.
I watched that game.
I remember that.
It was things that were fun.
And it's not all.
You still work at playing
games all the time.
There are other things.
But life is different.
They coordinate
a lot of movement
of souls from one
place to another,
like me, who was
coming through there.
I was coming down through
the dimensional levels.
Well, I was coming from
the 13th dimension.
And I had to come down.
I came in probably on about
the sixth dimensional level
and slowly came
through launching
in this Melchizedek's Merkaba.
I had to come through slowly
to get to the Pleiades
and then until I got
down to the level
where they were at, which
was about the 12th overtone
in fourth dimension.
The thing about the Pleiades,
this particular one,
is that though they
were fourth dimensional,
they were very
aware of what it was
like to be third dimensional.
They knew what that was.
That's why I was assigned there.
And so much of my training was
to first be fourth dimensional
and then to learn how
to slowly come down.
But once I learned how to be
the fourth dimensional there
and got kind of a
real rough idea, which
was basically
nothing, I then had
to go to a much lower level
of fourth dimensional,
which was Sirius
and there to work
on a much lower
level of that and was
sent to study from the orca
whales that were there.
I remember one particular
one, the history
and what it was like
to be a human being.
Slowly studying all of
that took a long time.
I don't have time to
tell my entire life.
It looks like a long time.
But I'm real familiar
with the fourth dimension,
at least from what
I learned of it.
I guess I'm saying really,
kind of bragging here.
I'm real familiar with fourth.
There are certain areas
in the fourth dimension
I'm familiar with.
There are some areas I am
a lot less familiar with.
It is a vast, vast realm.
But from what I remember,
you won't be sorry
that you're going to
the fourth dimension.
And leaving here, I
don't think that you'll
be sad once you get there.
>>Do you eat?
Do you eat food?
>>No.
A fourth dimensional body does
need fire, earth, air and water
and ether, which means that
you still need to take in prana
and you need
microscopic elements.
You don't eat.
But there is a certain intake
of very extremely small amounts
of elements.
But other than that, that's it.
And there's no
struggle to get that.
It's always there and available.
It's easy.
But anything higher
than that, you
don't even need to intake
product like we do now.
It's different.
>>Drunvalo, I have
a question regarding
when we do the shift over if
my understanding is correct.
OK, is this better?
My understanding is that
in doing the Merkaba,
the idea behind
that, in spinning,
is to retain memory consciously.
We will, when we go over and
make that change, that shift,
we will remember.
Otherwise, if we aren't in our
Merkaba, we won't remember,
we won't have memory?
>>Well that's the normal
rules of the game.
Again, we have a
unique situation here.
If something like what
he's talking about here,
where the Earth gets to a
level-- which is outrageous--
but if it gets to the level
where it creates an Earth
Merkaba and takes us with
it or something like that,
then you'll be in one.
But you may not be in
your individual one.
The individual one would
be necessary for what?
It's necessary if we do what
we think it's going to do,
which we're going to go
from here to the fourth.
Then you'll need
that first step.
And then some Merkaba is
going to be necessary.
If you start merging with
higher and higher consciousness
levels, then you're really going
to be taking on their Merkaba
field or that Merkaba
field, whatever that higher
dimensional level would be.
>>I think this is
a question I've
been wanting to ask
for a while, that I've
studied under a master.
I've heard of masters.
Now Jesus actually
demonstrated his abilities.
But never have I seen anyone
demonstrate their abilities.
And I was wondering
if it's possible
or why don't they
demonstrate their abilities?
Can you show us one
of the possibilities?
>>Well, I'll tell you.
I definitely wouldn't
do that on video camera.
And you ask why.
>>I say turn them off.
>>It's not the best thing to do.
You could think
that you are ready.
You could think that you
could accept anything.
You could think that
anything could come your way
and you'd just be fine.
But you might be amazed what
that would do to someone
if they were not quite ready.
This is just a
quick little story.
My sister and I,
and Ken Page also,
have been visited by the Chief
of the Taos Pueblo for 35 years
every Christmas or more and come
with his family and everything,
and would come and visit us.
Because they know who my sister
is and who Ken is because we
were all part of
that tribe before.
And they know exactly who we
are and they recognize us.
And they used to take my
sister for about one month out
of every year for about
10 years and initiate her
into the Pueblos, into
the ancient rites,
which they don't even allow
Taos females to go in it,
let alone a white female.
But they allowed her to go in
there and do the initiations.
Only a handful of
people are allowed
to know the inner meanings of
what these things are about.
And one day my sister was
sitting in a field on the Taos
Pueblo way out somewhere.
I don't know where it was.
But it was just out on
the field out there.
And they were under a
tree or near a tree.
And they were in a
crowd of about five
or six American Indians and my
sister, this little white girl.
And while they were
standing there,
this Spanish man came across
the fields and came up.
And he wasn't
supposed to be there.
It was illegal for
him to be there.
But he did it anyway.
And he came across the
fields and he saw them.
And the Indians were
teaching my sister something.
But when the Spanish
man came up, of course,
they just stopped
and acted like hi,
how're you doing, nothing
going on, stuff like that.
And he came in and kind of
got in the middle of them.
And an accident occurred.
It was really rare.
It was a fluke.
One of the people in the
pueblos down inside the kiva
decided they needed to go
over and talk to this group.
And so they made themselves
about this little
but in a little bubble and
shot out through the thing
very quickly and came flying
in over the top of them,
and came right in and
came right up on a branch,
rested right on a branch
right in front of the group.
The Spanish man just
about went insane.
He just about lost it.
They almost lost this guy.
And of course, they
immediately made it go away.
I mean, I was like,
that was too late.
He saw it.
He saw it with his eyes.
And my sister said it
was really, really,
really traumatic
for this person.
I mean, this is outside
the belief patterns.
This is outside of
what's supposed to be
or what is not supposed to be.
And so the only way that I
could do something like that
is if higher self did it.
And I'm not getting
a yes on that at all.
>>Not surprised.
>>In fact, with the Tibetan
that allowed himself
to be videoed with
"Omni" magazine recently,
doing that whole thing, I
could hardly believe it.
I can just hardly believe it.
But he did it, did
it right for them
in front of the whole thing.
It's incredible.
You need to reach this
state on your own.
And so usually if
the teacher was
going to take
someone up on a ledge
and have them dry
those blankets,
they're not going to have any
of the other students there.
A person needs to reach
that state on their own,
from their own understanding
and their own abilities.
And yet maybe that's
not always true.
Maybe there are cases
where a certain student
or a certain person may be
allowed to directly experience
those kinds of things.
>>Jesus did regularly in
front of hundreds of people.
>>Yeah, he did.
There was actually
only one that he
did that was direct--
direct meaning
something that the mind
could not rationalize away
as coincidence or coming
from some other source
or something like that.
In other words, he
would heal someone.
But they didn't see anything
happen, you know what I mean?
It didn't appear to go
outside of the laws.
However, turning water into
wine is definitely doing that.
And I do feel that
we need to do that.
And I've had lots of experiences
like this in my life.
But you can't do that.
I've got it, at least
in my belief patterns,
that I don't turn them
on from my lower self.
They're turned on
from higher self.
And it's just like a TM
person that could levitate.
If you couldn't do it, I had
one lady, a friend of mine,
that was able to go
up to the ceiling
and sit there for half an
hour and come back down.
She lives in New York.
And She's not going to do that.
She's not going down to
the supermarket to do that.
I mean, that would cause--
>>Seeing something
like that, though,
has a way of breaking
the conceptual reality
like this five day
course has done.
>>If Maharajah has a group
of people, would he not let
the whole group go at once.
In other words, he didn't--
>>He didn't display his cities.
He often said that it
doesn't matter what I can do.
It matters what you can do.
I don't want me to be
tested scientifically.
I want your brainwaves
to be tested.
Because that's proof for the
population, not what I can do.
He also said stuff like,
"to me, since the display
of any kind of city sets
up this master disciple.
And you're trying to show
us that you're one of us
even though you've had
very profound experiences.
This is the time for
mass [INAUDIBLE]."
>>I really agree.
Besides that, I
happen to-- I guess
I have to be tied up,
I guess, behind here.
Definitely, I can't even move.
What was I going to say?
>>Jesus needed to do it because
people back then didn't have
the awareness that we have now.
They needed to be
shocked into a reality
that these things are
possible, that miracles happen.
Because he had to do
things quickly to start
moving the consciousness fast.
So the miracles shocked people.
But here, we don't
really need that.
We're more advanced.
>>There was a
negative side thing
that happened with all
the miracles that he did.
He did so many
outstanding things
that people believed that
only he could do them.
>>Exactly.
>>And that's what
my parents believe.
We can't do that.
Only he can do that.
And yet, he came here.
He said, "I came here to show
you the possibilities of man."
And things that I can do, you
could even do greater things.
>>Right.
>>Not one Christian hears
that, except for a few
like Saint Francis
and a few other ones
that really heard that.
But he wasn't trying to do that.
But nevertheless, he had
to show the possibilities--
and he did-- that
it is possible.
But it had an incredible
negative effect.
So I don't think
it's a good idea.
I really don't.
Go ahead.
>>Will you finish your
teaching and make comment
about children and at what
age do children become adults
and then they need to learn
to do the Merkaba themselves?
>>Well, it's my
experience that children
becomes an adult on their
12th birthday or right
around that time, that
something happens to that child.
And I'm not exactly
sure what it is.
But they become different.
And the forgetting begins to
happen very rapidly after that.
But before then-- and
this is another thing
that Diana Gazes was saying,
was that the healing process
on children if
they're under 12 years
old, that when
old, that there are many
miraculous healings that take
place from children-- a lot.
But as soon as they get over
12 years old, they stop.
>>But do we have to teach
young people over 12
to create the Merkaba?
>>Oh I want to.
But I can't.
Because it's not my job.
If anybody wants to, I'll
do everything I can to help.
>>Before 12 that they can
remember from their past lives?
>>I'm not really sure if that's
the place to start or not.
If there was some kind of
real simple way of teaching
or something, or maybe if we
got a little bit further down
the line as a planet and
opened up a little bit more,
where demonstrations would
be acceptable on all kinds
of levels, then I
could see that easily.
In fact, if children
were simply allowed
to be who they really are,
it might work the other way
around.
>>If they're under 12,
do they automatically go?
The angels take them?
>>Yeah, when all this
starts happening,
they'll just remember,
oh yeah, I just did this.
And you don't have
to worry about them.
They'll just do it, no problem.
>>This is in reference to
the lack of experiences
of unusual phenomena.
I don't think that's
really the case.
Because how many times
have we experienced
and said we got
things done in no time
and when you go around
looking for a parking space
and it just emerges.
I mean, these are just as
miraculous kinds of things,
I would think.
>>Or we get the [INAUDIBLE].
>>Or we get [INAUDIBLE]
from [INAUDIBLE].
>>Especially in New York City.
>>There are a lot
of little things
that we don't even
give half a thought to.
But we are quite
miraculous really.
>>That's right.
>>I have a few short questions.
And I also want to
honor your time.
>>I'm here.
I'm here [INAUDIBLE].
I can't even leave the chair.
It's up to you.
All I need to know is when you
want to close and I'll close.
>>Has the teaching been
complete at this time
besides the questions?
>>Yeah, I think so.
I think yeah, I feel
it's all in there now.
>>OK, one question is
the geometric language--
how far does that go
into the dimensions?
>>Somebody asked that
question not too long ago.
>>Somebody already
asked that question.
>>Yeah, I'll answer it again.
>>Sorry if it's the second time.
>>The geometry stretches
through all dimensional levels
whatsoever.
>>OK.
>>That's what created all
the dimensional levels.
However, the geometry may not
be from dimension to dimension.
But there is a similarity, like
the difference between a two
dimensional flat surface and
a three dimensional object
is really very different.
It's very, very different.
But it's recognizable what
the two dimensional one
is, the three dimensional one.
And if you were to see
a three dimensional one
relative to a four
dimensional one,
it would be more
distorted in certain ways
if you're thinking along
mathematical lines.
But you would still
kind of get the feel.
But if you go way up in
the dimensions or way down
and not thinking in terms
of mathematical models
but rather in wavelength
in dimensional things,
they really do
change dramatically.
But there was only one
pattern, the pattern
that is now existing around your
body in the third dimension.
Though it is a third
dimensional pattern here
in the third dimension,
it's the same one
that creates everything
no matter where you are.
>>OK, the 32 ascended masters
that you spoke of-- I'm
wondering, was there a purpose
of the 32 rather than being 33,
or of the 32 equaling five.
>>I think that they chose
32 because the teachers that
were-- this is a guess.
I've got to pull a
guess out on this one.
But I did kind of think
about this before.
And there were 32
Syrian members that
started our race, that
was the father race.
And I think that they chose
that size because that
was who was teaching them this.
But that's the only
reason I could say.
Other than that, I don't
know why they chose 32.
>>OK.
And I've been
experiencing, rather
than this leaving
the third dimension
and moving to the fourth,
I've been experiencing
an overlapping of the fourth
and fifth are here already.
And I've been seeing beautiful
visions of what's ahead,
of the children, the educational
system, and the living
possibilities, and the
cooperative and the harmony,
et cetera.
And I know it's here.
I know that it's here.
So I know you mentioned that
one group would be staying here.
Perhaps this is
already happening.
>>You mean, we've
already shifted?
>>Well, the shift is
already in process.
There's an overlapping
already occurring.
>>There is an overlapping
of certain energies
as we approach this.
It's true.
There's a certain overlapping.
And the process
is well underway.
But there is a
very distinct time.
I mean, we will come to a place
where our thoughts will become
more and more
powerful, our feelings
will become more
and more powerful,
the manifestation in this
reality as we approach then
becomes more and more
powerful if we can control it,
if we can control
our emotions and be
in a Merkaba and these kinds
of things, we can focus,
we could-- you say--
feel an overlapping.
And all the energies are
going that direction.
But there will come a day
of a very distinct change.
And you'll know.
You'll say, this is definitely
different than what was before.
And that's what I'm
referring to in time.
But it's just like
all the pyramids
were built first in the fourth
dimensional level of the Earth.
And then we coincided
with their structures
on the third dimensional level.
The reality has
been already created
on the fourth dimension.
This dream that we all want and
that we all have agreed upon
is already functioning
on the fourth dimension.
And I think that you're just
tuning to it and feeling it.
>>And just one comment and then
I'll go to these eager hands.
I just want to mention
that the dolphin trips
that I get information about
have been keenly lined up
with specific dates.
And a lot of it has
to do with grid work
and specific information about
specific grid lines, et cetera.
And I've been told that
when people come back,
that they are like
light vortexes
and they have the options.
There's specific
information that
comes in about what
they can do, and always
be a choice, of course.
But it's like there is
a lot of grid work going
on with many other people also,
with many other ventures going
out in different areas.
And I don't know if you would
want to comment on that at all.
>>OK.
Most of the grid work of the
planet was done prior to 1989.
There was a period of time.
Most of it started in about the
1980s and went to about 1989.
And specifically specially
in '84, '85, '86 ad '87,
there were thousands and
thousands and thousands
of people all over the world
that were drawn to sacred sites
all over the world who had these
crystals and all these things
and didn't know why they
were doing these guys.
And you guys are
probably a lot of them.
And had to go there
and make chants and all
these other things, and
walk around pyramids,
and wondering why
you were doing it.
But you know you had to do it.
And that was the final
alignment and setting up
of all these sites that
were around the world.
And it was real important.
And then when the grid finally
was activated, it became alive
and completed.
I believe it was
February 4th of 1989.
Then it was actually
there and completed.
What's now occurring is
very fine level tuning.
It's really minute
tuning that doesn't
require the numbers of people
that there were before.
There was probably at
least 100,000 people
doing that or more.
At this point, it's really
just handfuls of people
who, because of the rapid
changes in the grid,
have to go in there
and every once
in a while, align
something here,
align something
there, which usually
means being physically on a
certain place in the Earth
and doing something that
usually comes from within that
tells you what to do.
And so there's really not a
lot of that going on right now.
What is going on is important.
That doesn't mean because
there's not much going on,
it isn't important.
But there just isn't
anything at all like what
was happening for a while.
And I don't foresee there
ever being any for a long time
because the hard work
has all taken place.
>>In reference to your speaking
about the power of two joining
together in the Merkaba, do
you see that there would ever
be any need or any purpose
served by a large number,
such as those of
us in this room,
joining together
on this dimension?
>>Well, that's not
for me to decide.
But if I could ever foresee,
sure, I could foresee.
There must be a reason why
the information was given
and why the Earth is using it.
So I assume that
there is a time coming
when we are going to use it.
It said we would use it.
So I think we're
going to use it.
And so what I see,
initially though-- I
can't see much beyond it--
is small groups of 10,
12, and that kind of
area or maybe more,
joining together, though there
may be some real large groups.
It requires one person's spine.
And the group
chooses this person.
And the person isn't
really the leader.
They just got to use a spine.
That's why they use Duncan.
They use Duncan's spine.
It requires a human
spine to set up
the Merkaba or a spine, a
dolphin spine or a whale pine.
It's the nature of the thing.
It requires a living
person at the center.
And the dolphins
do the same thing.
They choose one of
them to be the leader.
And then they each have
their individual Merkabas.
And then they set up a
group Merkaba, a huge one,
that the whole group
is connected to,
and the same way
with the whales.
And this is also why it has a
certain downfall in the way.
There's always positive
and negative things
with everything.
We're in that kind of world.
When one of the whales comes
in and beaches themselves,
ones ten miles back
come in a little while
later and come slamming
into the same beach.
Because they're following
this one aspect and they've
chosen that as
their center core.
But there's no
longer individualism
when you use the group Merkaba.
If there was a group of
12 people here right now
and they set up a group
Merkaba, they picked one of them
and set up the fields and they
did it, and if it was real,
their individualness
is gone forever.
They are now one
spirit with 12 bodies.
And they have same spirit
in each one of them.
Lots of people do this
all over the universe.
And it's not unusual.
But you've got to be
ready to do such a thing.
And I don't know if
we're quite ready there.
>>Soon.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
Use our personality?
>>No, your personalities
stay there.
But a single interpretation
of the reality
is the same with all of them.
Have you ever watched
a whole lot of birds
fly through the sky?
>>Yeah.
>>Birds aren't individuals.
It's a spirit.
One spirit, one consciousness,
is moving through them all.
You get hungry and
you all get hungry.
That's what it is.
It's time to eat.
It's time to sleep.
And just like in
your own body, you've
got millions of
millions of cells.
And they're all individual.
They all have their own jobs.
They're all doing
their own thing.
But you run through them all.
Whoever you are, you
run thorough them all.
>>Would you do that if
there were 11 people?
Would you be directed to what
11 people to connect with?
Or would they be directed
to you? [INAUDIBLE]
>>I don't have any
direction or desire
to do that right now if the
time does not feel right.
I did do three
workshops with groups
which were not really to
link the groups together
but to do experiments.
And it was then that I began to
realize what was taking place
if we did this.
And then it was a great dilemma.
How do you teach this?
Because if you teach it, you
become part of the group.
So I'm trying to see exactly
when the right time is
and what it's about.
I just feel we're
not quite there yet.
A little bit further
down the line,
really soon, like
maybe next year.
>>Can you let us all know?
Or is there some people
you're just going to select?
>>I've got a feeling he'll
probably let me know.
>>Can you also refer to
the concept of ascension
as it's commonly known?
Is that simply establishing
the Merkaba field
and being able to
travel with it?
Or is that something
completely different?
>>Oh, I thought I said that too.
What do you got?
Three things going
on here right now.
Someone right now can die.
If they die, they're going to
go through the normal thing.
They're going to
drop their body.
They'll move through
their astral body,
in a certain level,
go through the bardo.
They'll do their
[INAUDIBLE] step.
They'll come up under
about the third overtone
of the fourth dimension.
And they will exist there in
a life kind of like this one
but different until a
certain time, at which point
they will then consciously move
from there up to the higher
levels.
This is what, I mean,
in "Revelations" when
it was talking about,
"the dead would rise."
And that's one possibility.
So if you're alive now and you
die, you still won the game.
If you happen to be aware
enough to be conscious,
in other words, die and
then through the death,
become aware of the Merkaba,
which is another possibility,
then you can move
from there consciously
through the great void.
And you don't go to
the third overtone.
You'll go all the way up to the
10th, 11th or 12th overtone.
And that's called resurrection.
And you'll reconstruct
your body with you
though you won't need
the one that you dropped.
Because you'll reconstruct
it in a different way.
So you don't really need--
That's a possibility.
And that one is very possible.
And that's the one that
most people will probably
do at this point.
But there is
another possibility.
And because it's there,
life will use it.
And that is of ascension.
And ascension is different
in that you don't die.
There's no dying involved
in ascension at all.
You just choose the
moment or the moment
chooses you, in the case if
you wait til the last minute.
And at that moment,
you create your Merkaba
before you die, in the world,
and raise your energy levels
and take the body with
you consciously, right
out of here, over
through the great void
and right up into the
higher dimensional levels.
But you all end up
in the same place.
So what difference does it make?
It's like there's
hundreds of thousands
of different crystal structures.
Which one's better?
It isn't better.
It's just that
it's a possibility.
And life will try
every possibility.
I think that's our instructions
is to try all possibilities.
And so we do.
And this is a possibility.
So there's no
wrong or right way.
I don't see one being better.
We all end up there.
And there's no real losing.
You're not better or worse
or anything else like that.
>>What about suicide?
>>Suicide?
>>[INAUDIBLE] in my [INAUDIBLE].
>>In the last week or so?
>>Can you repeat her
question [INAUDIBLE]?
>>She wanted to know
about suicide, especially
in the last week or so.
You mean, you had someone
that died of suicide
in the last week or so?
I don't know how
that affects things.
I doubt very much if
you're going to resurrect
if you commit suicide.
A being that is on the
verge of resurrecting
would love themselves
too much to do that.
So the only option
that I could see
would be they would
die in a normal way
and end up over there
in the third overtone.
And if the reality is
such that I think it is,
they will still go on.
But they're going to have
to let go of a lot of stuff
in order to do that.
But evidently, they can do it.
There's a lot of
people here that
have done a lot worse
things than that
and have incredible
stuff going on
and are still going to make it.
So I don't know.
And then maybe these things
that the American Indians
are talking about where
masses of these people
are really not
going to make it--
maybe there are portions of
this evolutionary path are not
going to make it
and part of them
are going to go
on somewhere else.
But I don't still understand how
they could go somewhere else.
Because if I got what
I think is coming,
they're not going
to be anywhere else.
Everywhere is going to go.
So I don't know if
that will really work.
Now those are ancient
Indian prophecies
which are just like
Edgar Cayce and everyone
else who might not
want to conform
to this unique situation.
So this is what I mean
is it's real hard to try
to second guess this situation.
>>Drunvalo, I'm a little
concerned about-- well,
not concerned.
I have some friends who are
happily married and some that
aren't.
And if you're going into the
fourth and fifth dimension
with your memory
because of the Merkaba,
are you still tied to that
person when you go through?
Are you still the wife or
the mother or the whatever
to these beings
that you remember
from the third
dimension going in?
>>No, you're not
unless you want to me.
It's strictly til
death do you part.
>>So going to another dimension
is considered like the death
as far as that's concerned.
>>Yeah, you can.
If there is true love there
then true love will find itself
again.
It just will.
You tend to move.
This number 32.
This is nothing but number 32.
If you ever look at people
that study past lives,
you will find an interesting
phenomenon-- and almost
everybody that studied
past lives will
find this-- is that people tend
to die and be reborn in groups.
And these little groups
move in and out together,
like the mommy becomes the son.
The son becomes the daddy
and all these various things.
The good friend becomes
the other friend over here,
or something else like that.
And they move in
and out together.
>>A whole basketball
team of souls.
>>A whole basketball team.
Globetrotters-- they've been
doing this for a long time.
>>Drunvalo, when you refer
to Earth as a star seed
and we also know
on Earth here, we
have people that do have
emotional problems that
are doing things that
they shouldn't be doing,
hurting people one
way or another.
Is there any chance that Earth
would remain in a 3-D reality
where these people would still
have a low grade school where
they have to learn to overcome
hatred and envy and jealousy?
>>I don't know.
That's one of the ones
that I really don't know.
>>Is that the way it was
supposed to be before this?
That was the plan.
>>Oh, well yeah, normally
what would happen
is a small part would
go up in the fourth.
And then the other
ones would just
have to stay back down
here longer until they
learned the lessons of life.
But those that were up in
the fourth of that planet
would slowly keep working.
They're like the
ascended masters.
They figured it out.
However, what happens
with those guys is
they usually go up real fast
after that to the highest level
possible of that planet.
So what all all the
ascended masters
did-- they got way up there.
And everybody else
was still down there.
They moved up real fast and then
up the six dimensional levels.
Because once you make that
first step, the rest of them
are easy after that.
They're much easier.
>>What would happen
to those people
now under the new scenario?
>>Either the third dimension's
still going to be here
and they're going to have
to deal with the situation
down here that has been left
or we're all going to go.
>>Taken and they'd be alive?
>>They'll get it.
>>I just never could
figure out how they could.
When members of the
ascended masters that I
was communicating
with said that they
thought we were all going to
go, I mean I was just like how?
How can people who are so--
>>So crazy.
>>I don't know.
Yeah, these totally
crazy people who've
been killing people
and everything else--
what's going to happen that
could possibly align all that?
And I just keep looking.
And that's why, more
than anything else,
if this is really true, it's
got to be God coming in here,
because--
>>It's the only one
that would forgive it.
>>There must be some way.
Yeah.
Well, it's really a matter of
them forgiving themselves more
than anything else.
That's really the key.
And so I don't know.
If this is really true
and if all this happens
on these kinds of levels and
it isn't just a normal scenario
that's happening-- I've thought
about this so much-- that there
would have to be some incredible
event that happens on Earth,
the likes of which would just--
I don't know what it would be.
I keep thinking of
all of these things.
>>The pole shifts would
shake up and set it straight.
>>Maybe.
That would help a lot.
>>And they indicated to
you that Earth would just
be disbanded and turn into
a Mars with no life on it,
where it's no longer used.
>>What I've said to someone
else before, if we continue
not thinking along
the lines of that,
if we continue the way
we're going right now
or the way we have been going,
the way we're going where we're
just making more and more
bombs, more and more preparing
and all those other kinds, that
we continue in that direction,
we're going to end
up just like Mars.
We're going to end up wiped out.
The atmosphere is
going to be gone.
It's going to be gone
anyway real soon.
So all of these things
are going to be destroyed.
And the Earth will be nothing.
And then this will be
a big barren desert.
It'll look like Venus or
Mars or anywhere else.
Though I don't think that
we are going to do that.
But if it were not for this
other factor coming in here,
if it were not for the higher
aspect of the ascended masters
and for all the work of lots
of people changing things,
I think that we would be in real
trouble, real, real trouble,
coming real fast.
But from my point of view now
and with everything I can see,
there's no problem here.
We're going to make it.
Now in terms of how well the
Earth is going to make it
and whether or not people
are going to be here,
and those kinds of things,
whether or not someone else
is going to come back in
here and use it again,
and all those kind of
things, I don't know.
I just don't know.
>>I have my page of questions.
But they're really short ones.
>>Sure, a page of questions?
>>I've been keeping
for the whole thing.
But most of them
have been answered.
Earlier you said that
in this scenario,
God was going to be intervening.
Could you give us an
example of how that?
>>What I said was--
>>It appeared that--
>>It appears like
God is intervening.
And God has not said,
I am now intervening.
But it definitely
appears that way to me.
>>[INAUDIBLE] seem gross?
>>In what way?
>>In the nature of the way that
the evolutionary pattern is
unfolding on Earth, the speed
at which it's occurring,
the incredible
flawness of the way
the movements are being made
from one step to the next,
the way that we are
still here in this room
at this moment, which
I can hardly believe.
No, I don't mean
that kind of thing.
I mean in this room that I
can hardly believe it-- just
on the planet.
Because I know that we
should be out of here by now.
And nothing is
going by the rules.
All the rules are being broken.
And so from my way of seeing,
it appears to me in the way
that all life is
focusing on here,
just the whole nature
of the situation
appears that something very
big, very powerful is occurring.
Maybe it isn't God.
Maybe it is only the biggest
being in the universe
is acting on it.
>>You had mentioned that there
had been a cigar-shaped shadow.
And you were fairly
clear about the fact
that the one that was installed
was in the next overtone.
So you felt sure that
that shadow wasn't
installed by the good guys.
So my question is,
since I've seen that--
>>So wait a minute-- a
cigar-shaped shaped shadow?
>>Shadow, yes, up on Mars.
>>Oh, on Mars-- oh, it
was an elliptical shadow.
OK, go ahead.
>>And my question is
that you indicated
that they didn't know-- they
being our government-- didn't
know what this alien
force was that knocked out
our satellites.
>>Right, however they have
a photograph of it which
they released into Europe.
They even released
the photograph,
by the way, of the actual
object striking it,
which I was real amazed.
A few years ago, they would
have never allowed those things.
>>They wouldn't [INAUDIBLE].
>>I don't know.
It'll be here.
We're trying to
get all that stuff.
And you want to know who
they are that's there?
>>You have to go to
Europe to see it.
>>What I believe has occurred
here is first of all,
you've got the secret
government who is on there
and established themselves
in that place also.
But when the woman from
Peru raised the ship
and forced the Greys to move
and leave off the Earth,
they went back to Mars also.
And I believe you have
about at least five
or six other races
that are there that
are working with them
and using Mars as a base
from which they sneak back
here every once in awhile
and do tiny little things.
Because just every
once in awhile,
there's just like one little one
here and one little one here.
But there's none of this
massive stuff going on.
Because I don't think that they
can exist here for very long
anymore.
But there's still a little
tiny tiny bit still going on.
I know what their intention is.
I hope they change
that intention.
They still want to replace
us with this other race
though it's not going to happen.
But they still would like
to see that take place.
And so would some other people.
But at the rate
that we are moving,
it's hourly going to become
more and more difficult for them
to be able to do that.
Every time one more person
steps into the Merkaba,
they cannot reach that person.
There's no way.
They can't get into them.
They can't influence them.
They can't kill them if
that was their thing.
They can't wipe them
out by switching them
to another dimensional level.
They can't influence them.
And New York becomes stronger
and stronger and stronger.
Every minute that goes by, the
Armageddon becomes less likely.
But Armageddon would
have been a reality
if they could make it so.
We're not out of it.
When we get out of this room
into the 3-D world out here,
we're not out of
that Armageddon yet.
But I really think we
will make it out of it.
>>Do you know when the
poles are going to shift?
>>If I did, I wouldn't tell you.
That's like asking, what
day are you going to die on?
Would you want to know what
day you're going to die on.
>>Maybe.
>>No, then you
wouldn't want to know.
>>Just it's not good.
It makes you live in the future
and tend to fear a time ahead.
And it's much better
to live without fear
and without anticipation
and just to be here.
The biggest thing,
even without the fear
and any of this stuff-- it
makes you live in the future.
And so you've got part
of yourself extended out
to that time when you really
want to be right here.
Because this is the only
place you can do anything.
The future and the past
is kind of an illusion.
All there is is this.
And so the more
your consciousness
is focused in this
moment, the more efficient
you are and the more you're
able to make changes and move.
I don't want to know
what the future is.
I used to tell that story.
And I guess I'll tell
that if you want me to.
I guess some people
haven't heard it.
But I used to be very involved
in knowing the future.
I worked with tarot cards and
astrology and the I Ching.
You name it, I was into it,
in spite of what you think.
Because I always
wanted to know what
was going to happen
down the road.
And right after the
angels came in one day,
it was I think about six
months after they came in,
one morning they
came in and they
told me everything
that was going
to happen the next day
in a synopsis form.
They said the phone's going
to ring at such and such time.
The doorbell's going to
ring at such and such time.
It's going to be this guy here.
And he's going to talk
about that, just laid
out a basic pattern.
It took maybe a minute of
everything I was going to do.
And I thought wow,
this is great.
So I sat and watched
to see what happened.
And everything happened
just like they said down
to the minute.
And so while it was
happening, that morning
when I was waiting
for it to happen,
they came in and told
me everything that was
going to happen the next day.
So this whole day happened.
And then I had this
other day that was
going to happen the next day.
And then while that one
was starting to happen,
they told me the day that was
going to happen the next day.
And the whole thing kept going.
And I went through a
huge amount of changes.
In fact, every time I
think about it, I laugh.
Because at first, this
was very serious to me
and this was really
important stuff.
And the fact that
this was happening
was like this was
really significant.
And then after I got over
the really significant stuff,
I got real quiet for a while.
But then I remember
this phase I went
through where my ego took
over and a sense of real power
came over me.
And people would call up.
And I would say to
them, the phone's
going to ring in
a couple minutes.
And I'd go over by the
phone and sit down.
I'd wait for the phone.
And I knew who it would be.
So George was going to call.
So the phone would ring and I--
hi, George, how are you doing?
And I knew what he was
going to talk about.
And I would play these games.
And I don't know.
It just felt good.
I don't know what it
was but I did it anyway.
It is the sense of power.
And they kept giving
me this information.
I just kept getting it every
time and so it kept going.
And then that lasted for two
or three months or something
like that.
And then that got old.
And then this funny
feeling came over me,
and I couldn't quite pinpoint
what the heck it was.
And it took me a while
to figure it out.
And eventually, I
realized what it
was is that when
they would tell me
what was going to
happen the next day,
I didn't want them to tell me.
But I didn't have
the guts to ask them.
Because they're
these angels, right?
So I sat there and I
kept listening to it.
And I started getting depressed.
I started going down and
down and the whole thing.
I started getting lower on it.
And then I went through this
whole thing thinking, well
I gotta tell them that
I don't want this.
And I finally took
all this guts.
And I finally got it together.
And one day, they
came in, and I said,
do you have to tell
me all this stuff?
I don't want it.
I don't want to know it.
If I really need
to know something,
OK, you can tell me and
all that stuff like that.
But you don't have to tell me.
They go no.
And that was it.
They never told me
anything anymore.
And then I didn't get it.
Then I sat there for a long
time and I didn't get it.
And it was years later when
I was thinking in retrospect.
Then I got it.
Oh, the reason they did all that
was because I was so involved.
I mean, I was always
wanting to know
what was going to-- I was with
the I Ching about five times
a day and everything else.
And I realized that I was out
of balance in a certain way
and it was interfering with me.
So they just ODed me on it
until I got to the place
that I didn't want it anymore.
And I really don't want it.
And I realized it's all perfect.
It's all complete.
We don't need to know that
stuff because all we've got
is right now.
And when the time comes, we'll
know what we need to know
and we'll handle it just fine.
And it also takes the
mystery out of life.
That's what it really was.
It was like there is no
mystery in life anymore.
It's no fun.
What's the most fun when
you look at a movie?
The most fun time in a movie
is the very first time.
The second time, nah.
Third time, meh.
But the first time is where
all the surprises are.
And so it's more
important for me.
You may be different and you
may have a different makeup.
And maybe you could
take knowing what
the future is in a certain
way to use it in a good way.
But for me, I don't
think I could.
It is much better for me.
>>The reason I
asked is all the way
over on the airplane
from Kauai to here,
I kept getting the
sense of a polar shift.
And I kept thinking,
it never occurred to me
it would be on the planet.
I just kept assuming
that it was going
to be my reality within me,
that some sort of polar shift
was about ready and
that my concept of what
my life was going to be
was going to go like that.
>>It might be both,
your life first, then--
>>So that's it.